h1. Appcaster

??Generate or append an Atom feed with software update announcements.??

h2. Usage

appcaster.wsf [/source:value] [/path:value] [/overwrite:value] [/maxage:value] [/maxcount:value] /application:value [/author:value] [/description:value] [/history:value] [/location:value] [/arguments:value] [/changes:value] [/info:value] [/mime:value] [/size:value] [/timestamp:value] [/track:value] /version:value [/url:value]

h2. Options

|source|Location of the input XML feed|
|path|Location of the output XML feed (default: appcaster.xml)|
|overwrite|Erase the existing appcast (default: false)|
|maxage|Prune feed entries older than this many days (default: infinite)|
|maxcount|Maximum number of entries to keep in the feed (default: infinite)|
|application|Name of the software|
|author|Name of the publisher|
|description|Information about the appcast|
|history|URL of the revision history|
|location|URL of the appcast|
|arguments|Command line arguments for the update|
|changes|Summary of the update|
|info|URL of the release notes|
|mime|MIME file type of the update file (default: application/octet-stream)|
|size|Update file size in bytes or detected by file path|
|timestamp|Time stamp of the update release (RFC 3339)|
|track|Update deployment track (default: stable)|
|version|Version of the update|
|url|Download link to the update file|

h2. Notes

"size" may be a number specifying the file size in bytes, or a string specifying a local file path. If the local file exists, its file size is used.

"source" may be a local file path or an HTTP/HTTPS URL.

"maxage" and "maxcount" affect only appcast entries in the current release track. Appcast entries in other tracks and non-appcast entries in the XML feed are not removed.

h2. Basic Example

appcaster.wsf /application:FooApp /version:1.0.1

h2. Full Example

appcaster.wsf /source:http://example.com/myfeed.xml /path:myfeed.xml /overwrite:true /maxage:30 /maxcount:100 /application:FooApp /author:"Bar Inc." /description:"Latest updates feed" /location:http://example.com/fooapp.html /history:http://example.com/versions.html /arguments:--x64 /changes:"Better foos\nFixed bars" /info:http://example.com/v100.html /mime:application/x-msi /timestamp:2003-12-13T18:30:02.25+01:00 /size:1369088 /track:beta /version:1.0.1 /url:http://example.com/foo.msi
